hi this is Danielle Garcia from
intuitive angels I'd like to walk you
through an exercise that I call the
white light exercise now this is
something that I've been teaching
students and clients to do for many
years it's a very simplistic yet
extremely powerful tool that allows you
to connect with your spirit your souls
energy and to ground that into your body
it also helps you not only to feel
empowered but also to release anything
that is not of you or by you so for
instance if you are empathic
you pick up on other people's feelings
or other energies very easily sometimes
when we're in stressful situations or
some things that make us feel kind of
uncomfortable we can actually pick up on
other people's energies and they become
stuck within us or we'll take them on on
an unconscious level somehow by doing
this exercise you can tap further into
your own power and release those things
that you've kind of picked up along the
way so far as maybe some negativity from
a friend that was distraught and kind of
dumped their feelings on to you not
consciously by any means or possibly you
were in a stressful work environment
maybe you took on some your boss's
stressful angry energy from a business
meeting so many different things happen
throughout the day where we can just all
of a sudden feel like we're not
ourselves or our mood changes suddenly
we're put into fear were put into
depression so on and so forth this
particular exercise can help you release
those feelings and also come to a deeper
understanding and a deeper connection of
your own Souls energy so with
in mind I invite you to relax and just
take a deep breath with me ah as you
exhale just let go of any feelings
you've been holding on to any negativity
you've been harboring any stress you're
feeling within your body and on this
next deep breath in I want you to
imagine a beautiful white light now this
white light comes in through the top of
your crown chakra that's the top of your
head imagine a beam of light coming from
the heavens and moving in through the
top of your forehead now allow this
beautiful white light to slowly work its
way down through the back of your eyes
covering your entire face the back of
your head and watch as it moves down
your body this is your connection to the
other side this is your connection to
spirit to your soul with each breath
that you take you bring in more and more
of that amazing white light and you
allow it to envelop every cell and every
atom of your being allow this white
light to wash over you fully in
completely from the top of your head to
the bottoms of your feet till you feel
as if it's dripping off your fingertips
and in your mind's eye see your body
fully bathed within this white light and
then imagine it blanketing around you
building a cocoon
of white energy around your physical
being and breathe in this energy feel
the peace within it the comfort the
resonance and within your heart set the
intention that you release anything that
is not of you or by you you may see
greatness leaving your body you may feel
just a lightness you may not feel
anything but whatever feelings visions
or sensations come forward just allow
them to flow and three then once again
grounding in that energy really
anchoring it into your physical self
anchoring it into your belly where your
power resides and take another deep
breath in and just go ahead and open
your eyes once again if they were shut
whether you're feeding your hands around
making sure that you are back into this
time and space how do you feel now if
you feel more at peace you feel at ease
do you sense that calmness you may even
get a rush of adrenaline or just feel in
an extremely high vibration this my
friends is spirit this is your own light
this is that spark of Source that
resides within you
practice this exercise over and over and
over again you'll get so good at it
that it won't take you five minutes to
tap in and do this exercise I teach this
to many different children of various
ages and a very simple mantra that we
have when we're doing it is white light
in white light down white light around
once you get into the habit of doing it
it's very simple very easy and again
extremely powerful I do this every time
I go to do a house clearing it empowers
me it anchors more of my own Souls
energy of spirits energy within me if I
know I'm going to be around people that
I am uncomfortable around I will do this
as well when I'm feeling low of energy
if I feel I have a migraine coming on or
if I know I'm gonna be in a stressful
situation I will go ahead and I will do
this exercise so it's just proven to be
very easy and very powerful and very
beneficial if you have any questions
about it feel free to shoot me an email
my email address is Daniele and
intuitive angels comm thanks for
listening and I hope you have a
wonderful day